whats up guys today i am bringing my
first commentary / gameplay for a week
today I'm just going to be talking about
some aid cod scoping or quick scoping
and a little bit of hardscoping in the
middle today I'm just gonna i'm using a
bird 50 Cal with extended mags acog
scope and foolish potassium deficiency I
do the Delta dot because i think is
great for hardscoping as i say i use i
say as you say because hardscoping not
really its permit like to do beat i do
think it is very essential on started by
because there are snipers out there who
were you in which i've been sniping who
just wanted place kill you so I do think
it's easier to use a console prejudices
anyway for my secondary weapon I and
using
magnum i will use a Kimbo in this video
but unfortunately I do not have that yet
I do recommend it if you're making a
class based off of this video go for my
lethal and tactical equipment i'm using
Betty gaza me full equipment you can
throw it at people when they're coming
at you can get you out of some close
combat situations which you might
some parts talking like a building in
the back emission or just based on this
video you can just slow down already for
the quaestor next person that comes up
tries to kill you or doesn't know your
bear little die for my three purse time
using blind i clicked raw and marksman i
use blind eye because i do not like to
be seen by air support or centuries i do
think is great for some just running
around especially if you do not have
this past owners language good for my
part too i use put you off course and
for quick draw ids it's really essential
to quit scoping it lets you aim down a
site a lot faster and lets you switch
weapons through secondary weapon to get
you out of some close combat through my
church three i use marksman i do think
it is very underrated a lot of people
don't use it you did think it's just for
sniping well is not is also different
but still think it's also good for
assault rifles not as muster SMG
well Sam tourist revenue Aviva target
from a far distance which can really
help you son and for my three killings I
used to support strike package and use
the UAV for Jules and I you danced her
pills and they bestow Palmer for 14
pills and for my death streak i'm using
the juice death streak I like if you can
just rush back in the battle to get the
Bangla to kill you need to get you back
on a roll anyways some tips about
quickscoping /a cogs doping I do see
that a lot of people just run around not
even trying to take their time to maybe
chase down target without getting killed
I do think they're going into a building
sometimes it's not bad at all some
people think that star slightly and
weighs like not their thing but
technically not technically but i guess
a cox doping is really easy I mean
people don't think it is good to think
that's annoying
say it's not real but this is a real
extraction okay and one and do not
please don't waste your killstreak like
I did right here get out wasting it just
killing yourself he's I realized that no
one was here and then tried to get the
heck out of here but I really
too late and guys thank you for watching
my first commentary I do appreciate it
hit the subscribe button you'll see more
soon
we're displayed on